# Project Marco
Project Marco (named after the renowned explorer Marco Polo) is an application that 
hopes to make vacation planning easier for the indecisive or conflicted traveler. Roughly speaking, 
Marco assesses the vacation preferences of a user using an intelligently determined series of 
questions, and then returns a number of possible vacation locations that the user might
find interesting or suitable, alongside possible hotel and flight itineraries.

To understand the motivation and some of the mechanics behind Marco, be sure to read through the slides, whose filename is `presentation.pdf `

## Getting Started

###Prerequisites
Project Marco is built using Python3 and Django Webserver. In order to run Marco, you will need to have the following python packages installed:

## Usage 
### Running Marco
To run Marco, first clone the repository using the command:

```
git clone https://mit.cs.uchicago.edu/achoudhary/CMSC-12200-Group-Project
```
After this navigate to the directory `CMSC-12200-Group-Project/oursite`. From here, run the command:
```
python3 manage.py runserver
```
You will see the prompt:
(INSERT IMAGE HERE)
From here, you can use ctrl/cmd + leftclick to acess the website. 

### Navigating Marco
In order to navigate Marco, first click the button that reads "Find your dream vacation":

(INSERT IMAGE HERE)

From here, you will be lead to a series of predetermined questions regarding logistics for the trip you are planning. These questions are:

* Is your current location Chicago?
    * If not, what is your current location? (This answer will be pre-filled by the output of a location API. Feel free to manually override it if you wish).
* What are your intended departure and arrival dates? Currently the application only supports dates in the years 2020,2021.
* How many individuals are you travelling with?
* How many hours would you be willing to travel on a plane?

Once these questions are answered, the site will move to a series of dynamically determined and ordered questions, generated by a trained decision tree.
Note that this decision tree is trained using **synthetic** training data. This training data is generated using Monte Carlo sampling of scores, and operates 
under the assumption that scores are normally distributed. For more specifics, see the file (*what is the filename*?)

These questions will continue until the user reaches a final question, which will be apparent by the loading time. After the loading completes, the user will 
be presented with their vacation results.

(IMAGE HERE)

These results will include the location itself, alongside a brief blurb (sourced from LonelyPlanet) about the location, as well as booking information
for a hotel and flight to the location. 



* sklearn



- Data
    - List countries English-speaking population.html -- language.py
    - language.json -- language.py
    - Travel Advisories.html (exmaple) -- safety.py
    - airports.csv -- kiwi.py, skyscanner.py
    - city_links_csv.csv -- scrape_city_links.py
    - destination.csv -- scrape_city_pages.py
- Functions
    - scrape_city_links.py -- Scrape city links from Lonely Planet
    - scapre_city_pages.py -- Scrape info from city pages on Lonely Planet
    - constants.py -- Keywords and keywords dictionary
    - country.py -- Get country of a city
    - process_city_keywords.py -- WIP
    - process_static_data.py -- Output static info
    - current_location.py -- Get user's current location by ip address
    - safety.py -- Get travel advisories
    - get_keywords.py -- Get keywords from a paragraph
    - language.py -- Get percentage of English speakers by country
    - kiwi.py -- Flight costs information by kiwi.com
    - skyscanner.py -- Flight costs information by skyscanner api
    - pile_driver.py -- 
    - weather_data.py -- Getting weather related data
- Archived
    - Proposal
        - Proposal.txt
        - proposal.pdf
    - Functions
        - hotel_costs.py -- Slow hotel costs information scraper
    - outline_pseudocode.py -- Project outline
        - get_flight_costs from kiwi (old)
        - 

